will mark a great run to the final but
it just wasn't quite there against
Ronnie today no I mean obviously Ronnie
got off to a great start which when you
planned somebody like running you need
to get on top of him early and other
than a few long shots what I missed
Ronnie's made some great rates to go
free kneel in front I had off a chance
to go free one and if I come out free
one could be a different game obviously
by winning the net frame after the
interval but all credit to Ronnie
obviously played far better than me and
deserve to win what's your mindset when
you're coming into the evening session
71 down is it is it a case of genuinely
believing you can still turn it round
because you have got a habit of
comebacks or is it more a case of just
putting some respectability on a school
like a little bit of both really I never
believed that I've lost until the final
balls potted so I wasn't going out there
thinking that's it the match is over but
at the same time obviously I knew in the
back of my mind I was up against it and
I just had to go out then just trying to
hit one frame at a time try and forget
about the school being 71 and see what
happens but unfortunately it wasn't to
be and if that match had gone 8 for as
opposed to 93 that could have put a
different complexion on things yeah
maybe I mean even then I'm still up
against it but obviously having lost the
first roaming the night to go 81 and
then when the next free would have been
a different game and I took my eye off
the pink screwing off the side rail and
then obviously Ronnie does where does
best just of these pounces on every
chance but in terms of the way your
seasons going UK final masters final yes
you've conceded the title but you've
made two big showdowns in two months and
we're not that far away from the World
Championship yeah I mean obviously like
I've got to talk a lot of positive from
both tournaments over the last month
obviously coming here off the back of
the UK as disappointing not to win the
Masters but at the same time obviously
it's no disgrace to listen to somebody
like run in the final well we'll see you
at the World Championship good luck for
the rest of the season thank you very
much